[Serve] Add doc for model composition (#8871)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/advanced.rst

  handle = serve.get_handle("api_endpoint")
  handler.options(shard_key=session_id).remote(args)

Composing Multiple Models
=========================
In many cases, you need to use multiple models to perform a prediction. It 
could that you are connecting a preprocess model with a inference model; or
using multiple models to perform stacking or ensembles. Ray Serve has built in
support for composing models together.

> To define a higher-level composed model, you can define a Ray Serve backend and
> connect to an endpoint normally. With the following differences:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To define a higher-level composed model, you can define a Ray Serve backend that will send requests to other endpoints containing the individual models and combine their results.
```

> - You can retrieve a "handle" to your physical models and call it with Python 
>   arguments via ``serve.get_handle("endpoint-name")``
> - You should make your backend implementation async python function with ``async def``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to make calls to the underlying models, you can retrieve a "handle" to their endpoints and call them with Python using ``serve.get_handle("endpoint")``. Additionally, in order to avoid blocking the composed model while waiting for requests, it should be made an async function using ``async def``.
```
